duc: add Dutch translation and fix long description (#13362)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/duc.md

# duc

> > A collection of tools for indexing, inspecting and visualizing disk usage. 
> > Duc maintains a database of accumulated sizes of directories of the file system, allowing queries this database, or create fancy graphs to show where data is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A collection of tools for indexing, inspecting, and visualizing disk usage. 
> Duc maintains a database of accumulated sizes of directories of the file system, allowing queries in this database, or creating fancy graphs to show where data is.
```
